---
title: Lab Moving to the Medical College of Wisconsin
image: images/MCW_front (1).jpg
---


The Visceral Neurophysiology and Engineering Lab is moving to the Medical College of Wisconsin (MCW) on July 1st. 

---

The Visceral Neurophysiology and Engineering lab is undergoing significant changes this summer, with the transition to the Medical College of Wisconsin (MCW). Let’s delve into the details:

1.	Dr. Aaron Mickle: Our Principal Investigator (PI), Dr. Aaron Mickle, will assume a new role as an Associate Professor. His primary appointment will be in the Department of Physiology, where he will contribute to cutting-edge research and academic endeavors. Additionally, Dr. Mickle will hold joint appointments in the Departments of Urology and Neurosurgery, fostering interdisciplinary collaborations.
   
2.	Postdoctoral Fellow Firoj Alom: Firoj Alom, a dedicated Postdoctoral Fellow, will also be joining MCW. His expertise in bladder physiology will undoubtedly enhance our scientific pursuits.
   
3.	Graduate Students Gabbie Robilotto and Hannah Anderson: Gabbie Robilotto and Hannah Anderson, both accomplished graduate students, are part of this exciting transition. Their commitment to advancing knowledge and their fresh perspectives will invigorate our research endeavors.
   
4.	Welcoming Research Associate Bhavana Talluri: We are thrilled to introduce Bhavana Talluri, our newest team member. Bhavana will assume her role as a Research Associate on July 1. Her background in molecular neuroscience will complement our existing expertise.
   
5.	New Lab Location: The lab will be physically situated in the recently renovated basic science building. This state-of-the-art facility will provide an optimal environment for our research activities.
   
As we embark on this journey, we eagerly anticipate forging new collaborations, sharing insights, and making impactful contributions to the scientific community. Our collective enthusiasm drives us forward, and we look forward to meeting our colleagues at MCW.
